Add locality failover example to the ambient multicluster docs (#16949)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ambient/install/multicluster/_index.md

**If a service's waypoint is marked as global, that service will also be global**
  - This can lead to unintended cross-cluster traffic if not managed carefully
  - The solution to this issue is tracked [here](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/57710)

#### Load Distribution on Remote Network

**Traffic going to a remote network is not equally distributed between endpoints**

>   - When failover to a remote network due to multiplexing of HTTP requests and connection pooling a single endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - When failing over to a remote network, a single endpoint on a remote network may get a disproportionate number of requests 
```

>     on remote network may get a disproportionate number of requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    due to multiplexing of HTTP requests and connection pooling
```
